Some changes to Azure docs: "Installation" and "Enable guest OS Diagnostic Metrics" (#179)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-installation.md

## 2. Create an Active Directory Application in Azure

> 1. Once in the Azure portal, select **Azure Active Directory** from the left or top side-menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once in the Azure portal, select **Azure Active Directory** from the left or top menu.
```

> 1. Once in the Azure portal, select **Azure Active Directory** from the left or top side-menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once in the Azure portal, select **Azure Active Directory** from the left or top menu.
```

Optionally, filter elements.

Click Save button.

> You will get your Azure VMs on the Inventory page in few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see your Azure VMs on the Inventory page after a few minutes.
```
